new plugin WatchTogetherAdblock: block ads in youtube activity (#2021)
Vendicated/Vencord: src/plugins/watchTogetherAdblock.desktop/README.md

# WatchTogetherAdblock

> Injects a modifified version of [Adguard's BlockYoutubeAdsShortcut](https://github.com/AdguardTeam/BlockYouTubeAdsShortcut) into the watch together activity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blocks ads in the WatchTogether activity.

Note that this only works for yourself, other users in the activity will still see ads.

Powered by a modifified version of [Adguard's BlockYoutubeAdsShortcut](https://github.com/AdguardTeam/BlockYouTubeAdsShortcut)
```

Reviewer 2: Be sure to spell `modified` correctly when updating the description. d:
